Rename `JustifyText` to `Justify` (#19522)
bevyengine/bevy: release-content/migration-guides/rename-justifytext.md

---
title: Renamed `JustifyText` to `Justify`
pull_requests: [19522]
---

`JustifyText` has been renamed to `Justify`.

> The `-Text` suffix was inconsistant with the names of other `bevy_text` types and unneccessary since it's natural to assume `Justify` refers to text justification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `-Text` suffix was inconsistent with the names of other `bevy_text` types and unnecessary since it's natural to assume `Justify` refers to text justification.
```
